Quality check: Metadata updates in AAC Content Pattern Library (#42)
MicrosoftDocs/content-templates: templates/org/aac/aac-article-title-content.md

<!--Use the aac-browse-header.yml-->

> <!--

Reviewer: @ckittel - Note that this edit removes the "Deploy this scenario" bookmark link because we couldn't figure out why it was there. If there's a good reason to keep it, we're happy to replace it.

> - Add the YML block for the standard Markdown format at the top of the article, or create an AAC browser header in a separate YML file by using the [Azure Architecture Center browser header](/help/patterns/level4/aac-browser-header-template) template.

Reviewer 2: > - Add the YML block for the standard Markdown format at the top of the article, or create an AAC browser header in a separate YML file by using the [Azure Architecture Center browser header](/help/patterns/level4/aac-browser-header-template) template.

This is for reference architecture, it should always use the browser-based version.  Please remove the instructions to use the legacy structure.

- Match the H1 title to the title metadata. Don't enter it here, but as the **name** value in the corresponding YAML file.
- Add a brief introduction of no more than three sentences and formatted as a single paragraph.
-->

## Architecture

> ![alt text.](./media/folder_name/architecture-diagram.png)

Author: ```suggestion
![Diagram that shows the components of the reference architecture.](./media/folder_name/architecture-diagram.png)
```

> - Match the H1 title to the title metadata. Don't enter it here, but as the **name** value in the corresponding YAML file.

Reviewer 2: > Match the H1 title to the title metadata.

huh?

> ![Diagram that shows the components of the reference architecture.](./media/folder_name/architecture-diagram.png)

Reviewer 2: Please convert this to the :::image::: extension and show the "long description" varient  -- we are requiring it for all architecture diagrams going forward.  Also, include the lightbox syntax.

_Download a [Visio file](https://arch-center.azureedge.net/architecture.vsdx) that contains this architecture diagram. This file must be uploaded to `https://arch-center.azureedge.net/`_

### Dataflow

<!--
- Title this section "Workflow" if data isn't in the scenario.
- Use a numbered list that describes the dataflow or workflow of each step in the solution. Use a bulleted list if there are no numbers in the diagram. Start from the user or external data source, and then follow the flow through the rest of the solution. The following section uses the previous diagram as an example and should be updated for your specific article. The following dataflow corresponds to the previous diagram:
-->

> The following workflow (or dataflow) corresponds to the previous diagram:

Author: ```suggestion
The following dataflow (or workflow) corresponds to the previous diagram:
```

- **Thing 1**. Explain what happens with the first technology in the diagram.

- **Thing 2**. Explain what happens with the second technology in the diagram.

### Components
<!-- 

> - Add a bulleted list of components in the architecture. It includes all relevant Azure services and has links to the Well-Architected Framework service guide for the product. This is for lead generation (what business, marketing, and PG want). It helps drive revenue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add a bulleted list of components in the architecture. It includes all relevant Azure services from this architecture and has links to the Well-Architected Framework service guide for the product.
```

> - Describe why each component is necessary and what it does.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Describe what each component is and why it's necessary in this architecture. This is usually two sentences.
```

> - Link the name of the service via embedded link to the Azure Well-Architected service guide if it exists, or to the service's product page. Exclude the localization part of the URL, such as `en-us`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Link the name of the service via embedded link to the Azure Well-Architected service guide if it exists, or to the service's product page.
```

- The following section contains example components but should be updated for your specific article.
-->

> - Examples:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Examples:
```

  - [Azure Cognitive Services Language Understanding](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/cognitive-services/language-understanding-intelligent-service)
  - [Azure Cognitive Services Speech Services](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/cognitive-services/speech-services)
  - [Azure SQL Database](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/sql-database)

>   - [Azure Monitor](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/monitor): Application Insights is a feature of Azure Monitor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Machine Learning](/azure/well-architected/service-guides/azure-machine-learning) is a managed cloud service that you can use to train, deploy, and manage machine learning models. This architecture uses several other features of Machine Learning that are used to develop and deploy executable flows for AI applications that are powered by language models.
- [Container Registry](/azure/container-registry/) lets you build, store, and manage container images and artifacts in a private registry for all types of container deployments. In this architecture, flows are packaged as container images and stored in Container Registry.
- [Azure AI Search](/azure/search/) is a cloud search service that supports [full-text search](/azure/search/search-lucene-query-architecture), [semantic search](/azure/search/semantic-search-overview), [vector search](/azure/search/vector-search-overview), and [hybrid search](/azure/search/vector-search-ranking#hybrid-search). AI Search is included in the architecture because it's a common service used in the flows behind chat applications. AI Search can be used to retrieve and index data that's relevant for user queries. The prompt flow implements the RAG [Retrieval Augmented Generation](/azure/search/retrieval-augmented-generation-overview) pattern to extract the appropriate query from the prompt, query AI Search, and use the results as grounding data for the Azure OpenAI model.
```

### Alternatives
<!-- 

- Use this section to talk about alternative Azure services or architectures that you might consider for this solution. 
- Include the reasons why you might choose these alternatives. Customers find this valuable because they want to know what other services or technologies they can use as part of this architecture.
- Describe alternative technologies that were considered and why they weren't used.
-->

## Scenario details
<!--

> - Explain the business problem and why this scenario was built to solve it. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Explain the business problem and why this scenario was built to solve it.
```

- Answer the following questions:
  - What prompted them to solve the problem?
  - What services were used in building out this solution?
  - What does this example scenario show? What are the customer's goals?
  - What were the benefits of implementing the solution?
-->

### Potential use cases
<!--
- Describe any other use cases or industries where this would be a fit.
- Describe how similar or different they are to what's in the article.
-->

These other uses cases have similar design patterns:
<!--List example use cases.-->

## Recommendations

You can apply the following recommendations to most scenarios. Follow these recommendations unless you have a specific requirement that overrides them.

<!--Include considerations for how to deploy or configure the elements of this architecture.-->

## Considerations
<!--
- Include *all* of these H3 sub-sections for the Reference Architecture template: Reliability, Security, Cost Optimization, Operational Excellence, and Performance Efficiency.
- REQUIRED STATEMENT: Include the following statement to introduce this section:
-->

> These considerations implement the pillars of the Azure Well-Architected Framework, which are guiding tenets that you can use to improve the quality of a workload. For more information, see [Well-Architected Framework](/azure/architecture/framework).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These considerations implement the pillars of the Azure Well-Architected Framework, which is a set of guiding tenets that can be used to improve the quality of a workload. For more information, see [Microsoft Azure Well-Architected Framework](/azure/well-architected/).
```

<!-- Use the aac-browse-header.yml-->
<!--
- Match the H1 title to the title metadata. Don't enter it here, but as the **name** value in the corresponding YAML file.

> - Add a brief introduction of no more than three sentences and formatted as a single paragraph.-->[**Deploy this scenario**.](#deploy-this-scenario)

Reviewer: In line 8 below, can you replace "alt text." with a better example of alt text?

> - Add a brief introduction of no more than three sentences and formatted as a single paragraph.-->[**Deploy this scenario**.](#deploy-this-scenario)

Author: ```suggestion
- Add a brief introduction of no more than three sentences and formatted as a single paragraph.
-->
```

### Workflow

<!--

> - Title this section "Workflow" if data isn't in the scenario.

Reviewer: The section above is titled "Workflow", so line 15 doesn't make sense. In line 19, "dataflow" seems out of place.

-->

The following workflow (or dataflow) corresponds to the previous diagram:

- **Thing 1**. Explain what happens with the first technology in the diagram.

- **Thing 2**. Explain what happens with the second technology in the diagram.

### Components
<!-- 
- Add a bulleted list of components in the architecture. It includes all relevant Azure services and has links to the Well-Architected Framework service guide for the product. This is for lead generation (what business, marketing, and PG want). It helps drive revenue.
- Describe why each component is necessary and what it does.
- Link the name of the service via embedded link to the Azure Well-Architected service guide if it exists, or to the service's product page. Exclude the localization part of the URL, such as `en-us`.
- The following section contains example components but should be updated for your specific article.
-->

> - Examples:

Reviewer: What do you think about also enclosing lines 33-38 in comment brackets, to avoid the user accidentally including this in their new article?

  - [Azure Cognitive Services Language Understanding](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/cognitive-services/language-understanding-intelligent-service)
  - [Azure Cognitive Services Speech Services](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/cognitive-services/speech-services)
  - [Azure SQL Database](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/sql-database)
  - [Azure Monitor](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/monitor): Application Insights is a feature of Azure Monitor.

>   - [Resource Groups][resource-groups] is a logical container for Azure resources. We use resource groups to organize everything related to this project in the Azure console.

Reviewer: Does the link in line 38 work on staging? There's no link list in this article, and the link style is different from lines 34-37. Maybe it's best to just delete this line.

Author: Should we link to this documentation about resource groups instead?: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/management/manage-resource-groups-portal#what-is-a-resource-group

### Alternatives
<!-- 

- Use this section to talk about alternative Azure services or architectures that you might consider for this solution. 
- Include the reasons why you might choose these alternatives. Customers find this valuable because they want to know what other services or technologies they can use as part of this architecture.

> > Describe alternative technologies that were considered and why they weren't used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Describe alternative technologies that were considered and why they weren't used.
```

-->

## Scenario details
<!--
- Explain the business problem and why this scenario was built to solve it. 
- Answer the following questions:
  - What prompted them to solve the problem?
  - What services were used in building out this solution?
  - What does this example scenario show? What are the customer's goals?
  - What were the benefits of implementing the solution?
-->

### Potential use cases
<!--
- Describe any other use cases or industries where this would be a fit.

> > Describe how similar or different they are to what's in the article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Describe how similar or different they are to what's in the article.
```

-->

These other uses cases have similar design patterns:
<!--List example use cases.-->

## Recommendations

You can apply the following recommendations to most scenarios. Follow these recommendations unless you have a specific requirement that overrides them.

<!--Include considerations for how to deploy or configure the elements of this architecture.-->

## Considerations
<!--
- Include *all* of these H3 sub-sections for the Reference Architecture template: Reliability, Security, Cost optimization, Operational excellence, and Performance efficiency.
- REQUIRED STATEMENT: Include the following statement to introduce this section:
-->

> These considerations implement the pillars of the Azure Well-Architected Framework, which is a set of guiding tenets that you can use to improve the quality of a workload. For more information, see [Well-Architected Framework](/azure/architecture/framework).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These considerations implement the pillars of the Azure Well-Architected Framework, which are guiding tenets that you can use to improve the quality of a workload. For more information, see [Well-Architected Framework](/azure/architecture/framework).
```

Security provides assurances against deliberate attacks and the abuse of your valuable data and systems. For more information, see [Design review checklist for Security](/azure/well-architected/security/checklist).

<!--
- Include identity and data sovereignty considerations in this section.
- Describe any security considerations that aren't typical.
- Because security is important to our business, be sure to include your Azure security baseline assessment recommendations in this section. See https://aka.ms/AzureSecurityBaselines.
-->

### Cost optimization
<!--
- REQUIRED: This section is required. Cost is of the utmost importance to our customers.
- REQUIRED STATEMENT: Include the following statement to introduce the section:
-->

Cost optimization is about looking at ways to reduce unnecessary expenses and improve operational efficiencies. For more information, see [Design review checklist for Cost Optimization](/azure/well-architected/cost-optimization/checklist).

<!--
- Answer the following questions:
    - How much will this cost to run? Try to answer without using dollar amounts.
    - Are there ways I could save cost?

>     - If it scales linearly, then should we break it down by cost or unit. If it doesn't scale linearly, why?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If it scales linearly, then should we break it down by cost or unit? If it doesn't scale linearly, why?
```

> ### Workflow

Author: ```suggestion
### Dataflow
```

> ### Workflow

Author: ```suggestion
### Dataflow
```

### Components
<!-- 
- Add a bulleted list of components in the architecture. It includes all relevant Azure services and has links to the Well-Architected Framework service guide for the product. This is for lead generation (what business, marketing, and PG want). It helps drive revenue.
- Describe why each component is necessary and what it does.
- Link the name of the service via embedded link to the Azure Well-Architected service guide if it exists, or to the service's product page. Exclude the localization part of the URL, such as `en-us`.
- The following section contains example components but should be updated for your specific article.
-->

- Examples:
  - [Azure Cognitive Services Language Understanding](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/cognitive-services/language-understanding-intelligent-service)
  - [Azure Cognitive Services Speech Services](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/cognitive-services/speech-services)
  - [Azure SQL Database](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/sql-database)
  - [Azure Monitor](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/monitor): Application Insights is a feature of Azure Monitor.

>   - [Resource Groups][resource-groups] is a logical container for Azure resources. We use resource groups to organize everything related to this project in the Azure console.

Author: ```suggestion
```

>   - [Resource Groups][resource-groups] is a logical container for Azure resources. We use resource groups to organize everything related to this project in the Azure console.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> 3. Third step ...

Reviewer 2: Remove the following these steps.  We don't want deployment steps in AAC.

1. Include the list of "Principal authors" and the list of "Additional contributors," if there are any. Format in plain text, not italics or bold.

1. Link each contributor's name to the person's LinkedIn profile. 

1. Insert a pipe symbol ("|") with spaces after the name, and then enter the person's title. To minimize edits or updates, don't include the person's company, MVP status, or links to additional profiles. You can link profiles from the person's LinkedIn page. In the future, we aim to automate this process on the platform.
-->

*This article is maintained by Microsoft. It was originally written by the following contributors.*

Principal authors: <!--List only the primary authors. List them alphabetically and by last name. Use the *First-name Last-name* format. If the article is rewritten, keep the original authors and add the new ones. List each primary author, even if there are 10 of them. Update the following example text.-->

 - [Author 1 Name](http://linkedin.com/ProfileURL) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"

>  - [Author 2 Name](http://linkedin.com/ProfileURL) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - [Author 1 Name](https://linkedin.com/ProfileURL/) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"
 - [Author 2 Name](https://linkedin.com/ProfileURL/) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"
```

> Other contributors: <!--Include the contributing authors, editors who make major content changes, and technical reviewers. List them alphabetically and by last name. Use the *First-name Last-name* format. It's okay to add newer contributors.-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other contributors: <!--Include the contributing authors, editors who make major content changes, and technical reviewers. List them alphabetically by last name. Use the *First-name Last-name* format. It's okay to add newer contributors.-->
```

 - [Contributor 1 Name](http://linkedin.com/ProfileURL) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"

>  - [Contributor 2 Name](http://linkedin.com/ProfileURL) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - [Contributor 1 Name](https://linkedin.com/ProfileURL/) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"
 - [Contributor 2 Name](https://linkedin.com/ProfileURL/) | Title, such as "Cloud Solution Architect"
```

## Next steps
<!--
- Add a bulleted list of links to third-party and other Learn and Microsoft topics. These topics can include links to pages that provide additional context or that might be useful in a next-steps context.
- Format Learn links to be site relative, such as (/azure/feature/article-name).
- Don't include locales such as `en-us` in links unless they don't work without it.
- Don't include a trailing slash in any links.
- Link to documentation that answers the following questions:
  - Where should I go next if I want to start building this?
  - Are there any relevant case studies or customers doing something similar?
  - Is there any other documentation that might be useful? 
  - Are there product documents that go into more detail on specific technologies that are not already linked?
- Update the following example links.
-->

Examples:
- [Azure Machine Learning documentation](/azure/machine-learning)

> - [What are Azure Cognitive Services?](/azure/cognitive-services/what-are-cognitive-services)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [What are Azure AI services?](/azure/ai-services/what-are-ai-services)
```

## Related resources
<!--
- Add a bulleted list of related resource links.
- Use this section for architecture information that's relevant to the current article. It must be content that the Azure Architecture Center TOC refers to but can be from a repo other than the AAC repo.
- Ensure that links to articles in the AAC repo are repo-relative, such as (../../solution-ideas/articles/article-name.yml).
- Update the following example links.
-->

Fully deployable architectures:

> - [Chatbot for hotel reservations](/azure/architecture/example-scenario/ai/commerce-chatbot)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Baseline Azure OpenAI reference architecture](/azure/architecture/ai-ml/architecture/baseline-openai-e2e-chat)
```

- [Build an enterprise-grade conversational bot](/azure/architecture/reference-architectures/ai/conversational-bot)

> - [Speech-to-text conversion](/azure/architecture/reference-architectures/ai/speech-ai-ingestion)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Extract and analyze call center data](/azure/architecture/ai-ml/openai/architecture/call-center-openai-analytics)
```
